Add upgrade documentation for XOSTOR (#319)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/installation/upgrade.md

* [From command line a.k.a. yum-style upgrade](#-from-command-line). ⚠️ Only for some point version upgrades.
:::

:::warning

> For upgrading XCP-ng machines with an XOSTOR SR, please read this [additional information](../../xostor#upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For upgrading XCP-ng machines with an XOSTOR SR, please refer to this [additional information](../../xostor#upgrade) before taking any action.
```

> For upgrading XCP-ng machines with an XOSTOR SR, please read see this [additional information](../../xostor#upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For upgrading XCP-ng machines with an XOSTOR SR, please refer to this [additional information](../../xostor#upgrade) before taking any action.
```
